Refinements L2+ (#866)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-issuance-l2plus.rst

The Authorization Server MUST:

- Generate a unique challenge identifier with sufficient entropy (minimum 128 bits) for cryptographic security.
- Create MRTD Proof JWT with proper header (``alg``, ``typ``, ``kid``) and payload parameters (as defined in the table above).
- Sign the MRTD Proof JWT using its private key with the cryptographic algorithm chosen. See Section :ref:`algorithms:Cryptographic Algorithms`.
- Construct a secure redirect URL with proper encoding to the Wallet Instance universal link.
- Set the redirect timeout to prevent indefinite waiting and handle timeout scenarios

> - Optionally request MRZ information directly from the CIE National Registry using the authenticated User's Tax payer's identification number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Optionally request MRZ information directly from the CIE National Registry using the authenticated User's taxpayer identification number.
```

> - Maintain session correlation between the LoA3 result and the document proof challenge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintain session correlation between the LoA High result and the document proof challenge
```

Reviewer: @m-basili we still do not have a defined acronym or reference about the acronym LoA

Reviewer: I kindly suggest to have it using a ref to eIDAS

**The Wallet Instance MUST:**

> - Validate the MRTD Proof JWT signature using the PID Provider's public key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Validate the MRTD Proof JWT signature using the PID Provider's public key.
```

Technically this protocol may be used even by other attestation providers

**The MRTD PoP Service MUST:**

> - Generate cryptographically secure challenge data for ``MRTD+IAS`` validation with sufficient entropy (to be used in Anti-Cloning Internal Authentication protocol by the Wallet Instance), storing it with an appropriate expiration time. Moreover, the MRTD PoP Service MUST ensure challenge uniqueness to prevent reuse attacks.

Reviewer: what doesn't it mean the symbol ``MRTD+IAS``?
